
    DevOps: A collection of techniques trying to bridge the gap between development and operations.
    Pipeline: A series of automated steps that to simplify the testing, building, and deployment of code. 
    CI/CD: Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (sometimes Deployments). Subparts of a pipeline dedicated to integrating code, delivering it, and deploying it.
    Cloud Provider: Companies that offer rentable servers and hosting services that provide flexible computing.
    AWS: Amazon Cloud Services is the dominant player in the Cloud Provider industry.
    DevSecOps: Adding Security to the DevOps keyword aims at promoting the importance of taking an active approach to security.
    Cost Operations: Taking an active approach to controlling cost saves a lot of money in the long run.
    Production: The live applications our customers use to connect to our application.
    Feedback loop: A generic reference to the time it takes to receive feedback on a new feature from customers.
    Manual Check: A step in a pipeline that requires human approval before going to the next
    Regulations: A series of rules that must be complied with.
    Agile: a development methodology that prioritizes iteration over the heavy process.
    EC2: Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, is the service amazon provides for renting servers on its cloud platform.
    Jenkins: One of the first CI/CD platforms and one of the most popular to this day.
    Terraform: A programming language that provides infrastructure as code capacities.

    IAM keys: Identity access management keys can identify you to the AWS CLI. These keys hold associated permissions to give access to your account.
    Runbook: A simple step-by-step tutorial explaining how to do operations on an application.
    Cache-Control: HTTP headers telling the browser how long it needs to cache certain files. To ensure browsers take the new content of our HTML files we will sometimes need to force the browser to revalidate the content of the files in S3
    ACL: Access Control List is a way to control who can access S3 buckets.



eb create [env name] to create new enviroment 
eb deploy [env name] to deploy new code
eb health to health info


aws configure to set the key id and key securt 
                                                              [folder]     [bucketname] 
to upload to S3bucket aws s3 cp --recursive --acl public-read ./build s3://udagram-test01/


ng build --configuration production// fix issue with angler enviroment
